Full configurable (#153)
daKmoR/rocket: packages/plugins-manager/README.md

# Plugins Manager

> The Plugins Manager replaces the specific registration/execution (with options) in a given plugin system by an intend to use a plugin (with these options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Plugins Manager helps you register and execute your plugins across the various Rocket components - rollup, dev-server, eleventy, and markdown. It replaces the specific registration/execution call in a given plugin system by an intent to use that plugin.
```
